[Applause]
I mean you are something else right now
aren't you what's going on fire yeah you
are fired
he's crazy like I almost even forgot
that the season finale of Atlanta was -
yeah like with all this stuff is that
sub going solo going on your trial I
view your videos got like more views
than the keyboard cat now that was my
main thing I was trying to beat the
keyboard you crushed the keyboard yeah
you are I wonder if you are interested
in all the analysis that goes on of that
video of all the have you seen these
there are opinion pieces there are there
decoding the video some friends have
sent like a couple but I took real I
haven't been on the internet since
Thursday night before the San I live
really yeah just cuz I was like I don't
want to be in all them it's bad for me
I'm like sense I'm really sensitive yeah
so I got like I'll just like let it be
he's the kind of person that you see one
negative thing and it makes you feel bad
more like I see one negative thing and I
track that person down go into their
Instagram like not so great baby not
even a cute I am Jimmy Kimmel I hope you
enjoyed that video hit subscribe and all
your dreams will come true assuming your
dreams are to watch more YouTube videos